Add server webhooks populateRelations config variable (#1430)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/setup-deployment-guides/configurations/required/server.md

| `dirs`                              | Path configuration of different directories Strapi uses.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | object            |                     |
| `dirs.public`                       | Customize the path of the public folder.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | string            | `./public`          |

> | `webhooks.populateRelations`        | For compatibility reasons, it is set to `true`. We recommend setting it to `false` if you don't need it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | boolean           | `true`              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `webhooks.populateRelations`        | For backward compatibility reasons, the default value is `true`, but the recommended value is `false` to avoid performance issues.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | boolean           | `true`              |
```

> | `webhooks.populateRelations`        | For compatibility reasons is set to true, and it will be removed in the next major release. We recommend to set it to false if you don't need it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | boolean           | `true`              |

Reviewer 2: A small formatting suggestion here :)
